We’ll implement a classic beginner programming problem: a guessing game. 
Here’s how it works: 
- the program will generate a random integer between 1 and 100. 
- It will then prompt the player to enter a guess. 
- After a guess is entered, the program will indicate whether the guess is too low or too high.
- If the guess is correct, the game will print a congratulatory message and exit.


 - To obtain user input and then print the result as output, we need to bring the `io` input/output library into scope. 
 - The `io` library comes from the standard library, known as `std`:
 - By default, Rust has a set of items defined in the standard library that it brings into the scope of every program.
- If a type you want to use isn’t in the prelude, you have to bring that type into scope explicitly with a `use` statement.

 This set is called the _prelude_, and you can see everything in it [in the standard library documentation](https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/prelude/index.html).


# Create an Variable

- use let keyword to create variables in rust
- In Rust, variables are immutable by default, meaning once we give the variable a value, the value won’t change.
- To make a variable mutable, we add `mut` before the variable name

- `String::new`, a function that returns a new instance of a `String`. 
- [`String`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/string/struct.String.html) is a string type provided by the standard library that is a **growable**


- The `::` syntax in the `::new` line indicates that `new` is an **associated function** . An _associated function_ is a function that’s implemented on a type.
- example `String`. This `new` function creates a new, empty string. 
- You’ll find a `new` function on many types because it’s a common name **for a function that makes a new value of some kind.** Also called taking **instance**

- The `&` indicates that this argument is a _reference_, which gives you a way to let multiple parts of your code access one piece of data without needing to copy that data into memory multiple times. 
- Rust’s major advantages is how safe and easy it is to use references. like variables, **references are immutable by default**. 